# Welcome to my portfolio!
What's in here?
  This is a collection of my papers, projects, and presentations throughout my career.
  
  ## Honors Thesis
  This is my undergraduate honors thesis as submitted in partial fulfillment of my honors degree from the University of Colorado Boulder. It is an in-depth look at my resarch under the guiadance of Professor Marino on electron drift properties and their effect on track reconstruction efficiency for the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment.
  ### Lay Summary
    The Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment (DUNE) is a new cutting-edge experiment that will be fundamental in the study of neutrino oscillations and physics beyond the standard model. Nuetrinos are elusive particles that come in three different types (flavors) with a vary paculiar propterty: they can change their flavor. DUNE seeks to study this peculiar behavior and as the flagship neutrino experiment it will implement state-of-the-art detectors to measure flavor at two different locations (near and far). A crucial step in studying this flavor change is understanding the flux of neutrinos between the detectors and how they interact in them. In DUNE's near detector, the neutrinos will interact in a high pressure gaseous environment leading to the production of electrons, which can easily be detected. In order for details of the neutrinos interactions to be determined, information about the produced partilces must be known. These properties are the so called 'drift properties' describing how the electrons move through the detector until they are detected. In this thesis I simulate these electron drift properties in DUNEs near detector. In doing so I set bounds on the detector’s operation parameters. I then investigate how altering one of the drift property parameters impacts the detector’s ability to reconstruct the interaction event and particle trajectories.
